Let's emphasize again the ultimate goal of functional safety,
avoiding accidents by reducing risk to acceptable levels.
First let's figure out what subsystems actually
contain high levels of risk and what's needed to prevent accidents.
Looking at the items architectural design,
you'll figure out which subsystems and elements can be used to meet safety goals.
You'll need to further refine these high level goals
into what we call functional safety requirements.
And then you'll allocate
each functional safety requirement to its appropriate place in the item architecture.
We take all of this information and put it into
a document called the functional safety concept.